README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  Random Quote Generator
  <br>
</h1>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/soumadip-dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,github" alt="Tech Stack" width="200" style="padding: 15px 0;">
  </a>
</div>

<h3 align="center">
  A simple JS app that fetches and displays random quotes with sharing and export options. 
</h3>

---

## 📸 Preview

<div align="center">
  <img alt="Random Quote Generator SS" src="https://media2.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExNmEzZHM0djFybDJlcTkwOGtjZTc2NDZsYTVlMTZ0cXJ1a3Qxems2NiZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/ek2O7qoqZxR2H6tHN5/giphy.gif"
  width="100%" height="400" style="border-radius: 8px; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);">
</div>

---

<!-- ## 🚀 Features

- 🕱️ **Drag-and-Drop Tasks**: Easily move tasks between boards (To Do, Doing, Done) using drag-and-drop functionality.
- ➕ **Add New Tasks**: Quickly add new tasks to any board with a simple input field.
- ✏️ **Edit and Delete Tasks**: Edit or delete tasks with just a click.
- 🎨 **Customizable Boards**: Create, edit, and delete boards with custom names and colors.
- 🎼 **Drag Sorting**: Reorder tasks within the same board using intuitive drag sorting.
- 🖼️ **Add New Board with Modal**: Use a modal popup to add new boards with a name and custom color.
- 🗂️ **Persistent Storage**: Save your tasks and boards locally using `localStorage`, so your data persists even after refreshing the page.
- 🌃 **Dark Mode**: Toggle between light and dark mode for a better user experience.
- 🗓 **Task Timestamps**: Each task includes a timestamp to track when it was created.
- 🗂️ **Task Count**: Automatically updates the number of tasks in each board.
- 🎯 **Interactive UI**: Smooth animations and intuitive design for a seamless user experience.
- 🔄 **Real-Time Updates**: Changes are reflected instantly without needing to refresh the page.

--- -->

## 🛠️ Installation

Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/soumadip-dev/Random-Quote-Generator-JS.git
cd Random-Quote-Generator-JS
```

Commit message:

feat: Add new features to Random Quote App - Implemented export as image feature using html2canvas for downloading quotes. - Enhanced UI with dynamic background images for quotes. - Updated README with installation instructions and project details.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  Random Quote Generator
  <br>
</h1>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/soumadip-dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,github" alt="Tech Stack" width="180" style="padding: 15px 0;">
  </a>
</div>

<h3 align="center">
  A simple JS app that fetches and displays random quotes with sharing and export options. 
</h3>

---

## 📸 Preview

<div align="center">
  <img alt="Random Quote Generator SS" src="./SS_Random-Quote-Generator.png"
  width="100%" height="400" style="border-radius: 8px; box-shadow: 0 2px 8px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);">
</div>

---

## 🚀 Features

- **Random Quote Generation**: Fetches and displays a new random quote with each click.
- **Dark/Light Mode**: Toggle between dark and light themes for better readability.
- **Copy to Clipboard**: Easily copy the quote to your clipboard.
- **Share on Twitter**: Share your favorite quotes directly on Twitter.
- **Export as Image**: Download the quote as an image to save or share.
- **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive and works seamlessly on all devices.

---

## 🛠️ Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/soumadip-dev/Random-Quote-Generator-JS.git
cd Random-Quote-Generator-JS
```
---
